h1. Server Components for Android Client with OpenStack Java SDK v2.0

h1. Important

You will need the sources from https://github.com/bluebossa63/openstack-java-sdk

openstack-client
keystone-client
keystone-model
swift-client
swift-model

are referenced by maven so please build these prerequisites first.


h2. Maven

The project is fully mavenized but the artefacts are not available in public repositories.


h3. Maven Repositories

http://nexus.niceneasy.ch/nexus/content/groups/public/


h1. Available artifacts

h2. JEE WAR as signup service for openstack (swift) clients

intended as a proof of concept, tested on a JBoss AS 7.1.0.Final 

http://www.jboss.org/jbossas/downloads/

Please review the settings of the openstack implementation of your choice in
src/main/ressources/openstack.properties

These settings will be transmitted to the android client on successful login (after signup if neccessary).

A signup consist of a mail check step and the creation of a user and a tenant with the name of the user. 


h1. License

<pre>
This software is licensed under the Apache 2 license, quoted below.

Copyright 2013 Daniele Ulrich, nice'n'easy it GmbH

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
</pre>
